feat(E2E): added new tests & support for parallel execution of E2E Tests (#3621)
Checkmarx/kics: e2e/README.md

 - status code + CLI output (file check)
 - status code + payload content (file check)
 - status code + result content (file check)

> -   status code + log content (file check with validation function)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- status code + log content (file check with validation function)
```

 - status code + result content (file check) + payload content (file check)

> -   status code + result content (file check) + payload content (file check) + log content (file check with validation function)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- status code + result content (file check) + payload content (file check) + log content (file check with validation function)
```

<b>Example 3:</b> A test case that executes a command and checks: 
- Status code output
- Kics CLI output

> -   Generated <b>payload file</b> content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generated <b>payload file</b> content
```

}
```

<b>Example 4:</b> A test case that executes a command and checks: 
- Status code output

> -   Generated <b>log file</b> content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generated <b>log file</b> content
```

> In contrast to what is expected for results and payload, the log files don't have a file to make the comparison, instead of that, the kics has a validation function that has the same aim as the validation that verifies the output CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast to what is expected for results and payload, log files don't have a file to compare, instead KICS validates logs like it validates CLI's output.
```

> In this case, the validation function will receive the log file data as its input, and you can do any kind of regex or text validations in the log file content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the validation function will receive the log file data as its input and you can use any regex or do text validations in the log file content.
```

> The example below generates an output file called: <i>"E2E_CLI_038_LOG"</i> and create a validation function expecting 3 matches in the generated log file content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below generates an output file called: <i>"E2E_CLI_038_LOG"</i> and creates a validation function expecting 3 matches in the generated log file content.
```

> In addition, it is necessary to remove the files that will be generated  during the test by adding them to removeFiles (required only for test cases that generates files from results/payloads/logs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, it is necessary to remove files generated during the test, adding them to `removeFiles` (required only for test cases that generates files from results/payloads/logs).
```
